yesterday my neighbor called me at my house saying he had the new
pokémon black and I wanted to premiere it with me we like
pokémon since we were kids
I had a lot of time that we did not play for
from the emerald
I went to his house to watch his new game we started a new game
and we started a new adventure the truth is that we were very surprised
with the graphics and the way to play and life
he said there was an event to catch a pokémon
we enter the mysterious gift and receive the freedom ticket
We immediately headed to the porcelain city dock after defeating
to the plasma team we found victims and
what we militate enough to capture it
we caught him we got so excited for catching the first fire pokémon
psychic after that
I went to my house to have dinner with my family the next day
he invited me again to play again
as usual
I accepted and went home
we keep playing but now with victim and in the beginning of our team
after visiting several places we went to the solar of dreams
when we entered the factory it was not as usual, it was all
dark as if we entered a cave
then we remember that the victim and we had taught him flash
We used to be fired but a dialog box appeared saying victim and
refuses to use flash which is not usual
we were forcing bittini to use fired until he obeyed and he
illuminated the room
the place was not as we remember it
this is where weird things start as we begin to move towards the
north by a hallway that was not even got to another dark room
so we went to the pokémon team to order bittini to use flash
but what a surprise we took victim and was no longer there and in its place there was a
skull as they have the make up
it gave us a little fear
how could we not use flash
we keep moving aimlessly in the darkness, we suddenly enter another
room but now this one was illuminated it was more like a hallway
long that at the end had a platform of 6x6 pictures and is that the center had
a tomb like the ones that appear in the mountain peak in the emerald
ruby and sapphire
we approach custom broke as if it had been used hit rock and
appeared the esprit revictimiza started the battle it was as if we had not
escaped never
we started to fight him
but it seemed that no attack was desired year is it like the forest
appears in the fire red and green versions ja
we ended up winning
a murmur was heard and another dialog box appeared saying victim and
has used curse at that time the screen went black and the game
collapse we rebooted the ds and did not recognize the cartridge we tried as
five times do the same
until the cartridge went off smoke like when an electronic device burns
by some short circuit from that moment we were surprised and not
we have played pokémon again